My heart is moving
Even when I just walk along the path
I’m here again, right next to you
In my fearful heart
White snow falls
So I’m still, I’m here and I’ll be there
Leaning on your warm shoulder
I feel you again
I’m still and I’m here
Let me take you in like this
So even when we push each other away
We’ll be engraved even deeper
Here and there
Even if we’re under different skies
I remember your heart
and I’m still, I’m here
In my shaking heart
You came to me again
So I’m still, I’m here and I’ll be there
Past this frozen path
I’ve met you again
I’m still and I’m here
I don’t wanna lose you again
Even if you keep pushing me away
Even if you disappear from my eyes
Here, I’m here
I’ll always be next to you
My heart is moving
and I’m still, I’m here
In case your memories get erased
I’m engraving them in my heart
I’m afraid of time, afraid of not seeing you again
So I’m looking for you again
I’m still and I’m here
I don’t wanna lose you again
Wherever you are in the world
Wherever you are, I’ll find you
Here, I’m here
I’ll always be next to you
My heart is moving
and I’m still, I’m here
-English translation by popgasa.com-